SM-6393/Docs update for updating PA response period logic (#720)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/api-documentation/versions-and-changes/v2/changelog.md

This section lists any significant changes made to this document (and by extension, the API interfaces themselves) introduced by each recent and upcoming future release.
{: .govuk-body}

Version 2.10.10 (15/04/2021):
{: .govuk-heading-s #v2-10-10}

Updated Work API with the following changes:
{: .govuk-body}
<ol class="govuk-list govuk-list--bullet">
  <li>

>     SM-6393: Deadline date of PA takes PAA response date if further away than standard PA response date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    SM-6393: On creation of a permit following a PAA, the deadline date will be set to whichever date is further away between the permits calculated response date and what's remaining of the PAA response date.
```

Reviewer: Same for V1, think it just makes it a bit more explicit
